Add Miscellaneous Features Page (#175)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/features/misc-features.md

---
Order: 200

> xref: Miscellaneous Features

Reviewer: The xref should be something that is easily added to a link, i.e. miscellaneous-features

Title: Misc. Features

> Description: Miscellanoues features page to highlight some of the lesser know features that Chocolatey provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: Miscellaneous features page to highlight some of the lesser known features that Chocolatey provides
```

---

## C4B Terminal Services User Mode Selction Support

With the release of Chocolatey Licensed Extension version 1.9.4 you are able to set user modes for terminal services.

> See the full [release notes](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/licensed-extension/release-notes#improvements-17) for more information.

Reviewer 2: We should probably copy the relevant content from the release notes to give the context here given this is the only reference doc where this is apparently mentioned. 

If anything, release notes should have the short version and then link to here, rather than the reverse, I think.

Reviewer: Yes, I tend to agree with this as well.
